README.md, before:

# My Portfolio

My name is Alexander Beck and I have created this repository as a way to showcase the style of code that I am capable of producing. While I began learning python and the essentials of software development in early 2022, it did not occur to me until almost a year into my studies that it would be important to catalogue my progress. At that time, I had no idea that I would continue learning about computers and their software. It was one idea of many possible career changes. After a year of practice, I can safely say that I have come a long way. I can also tell that I have much more to learn still. From now on, I will try my best to be consistent in adding to my collection of coding examples in this 'portfolio' folder. My goal is to gather sufficient evidence to show to future employers that, while I am a professional nurse, I am also a capable of being a professional software developer.

# Portfolio Contents

(Sorted alphabetically)
| File or Folder | Description |
| --- | --- |
| code-signature-template.txt | The template that I use to sign code that I have created. |
| coding-problems | A collection of coding problems I have written, including the prompt and the solution to the problem. |
| first-terminal-game | My first terminal game written as a text-based adventure. Includes a revision from a year later to improve the style. Written in python. |
| nasa-api | A program that uses NASA'S APOD (Astronomy Picture of the Day) API to get a new photo of space every day. |
| password-generator | A program that acts as a basic password generator. |
| README.md | Contents and description of the portfolio project as a whole. |

# Checklist

Things that I am currently working on, sorted with most recent tasks at the top and with completed tasks at the bottom:

### Current

GitHub:
- [ ] Cipher project:
     - [ ] Start folder and readme for ciphers
     - [ ] Create reverse cipher
     - [ ] Create caesar cipher
     
Software:
- [ ] Learning basics of Doom Emacs

Portfolio Website:
- [ ] Personal Website: building a [personal website](https://sites.google.com/view/alexandercbeck/home) for future employers to learn more about me

### Completed

- [x] Creating solution to staffing problem for the coding-problems folder
- [X] Programming Languages, Part B: class on functional programming in a dynamic language, specifically Racket
- [X] portfolio/password-generator:
     - [X] rpg-v3.rkt: creating version of password generator written in Racket
     - [X] README: updating information about versions and how they are different
     - [X] rpg-v4.js: create version of password generator written in JavaScript

Commit message:

insert section: checklist/current/books

README.md, after:

# My Portfolio

My name is Alexander Beck and I have created this repository as a way to showcase the style of code that I am capable of producing. While I began learning python and the essentials of software development in early 2022, it did not occur to me until almost a year into my studies that it would be important to catalogue my progress. At that time, I had no idea that I would continue learning about computers and their software. It was one idea of many possible career changes. After a year of practice, I can safely say that I have come a long way. I can also tell that I have much more to learn still. From now on, I will try my best to be consistent in adding to my collection of coding examples in this 'portfolio' folder. My goal is to gather sufficient evidence to show to future employers that, while I am a professional nurse, I am also a capable of being a professional software developer.

# Portfolio Contents

(Sorted alphabetically)
| File or Folder | Description |
| --- | --- |
| code-signature-template.txt | The template that I use to sign code that I have created. |
| coding-problems | A collection of coding problems I have written, including the prompt and the solution to the problem. |
| first-terminal-game | My first terminal game written as a text-based adventure. Includes a revision from a year later to improve the style. Written in python. |
| nasa-api | A program that uses NASA'S APOD (Astronomy Picture of the Day) API to get a new photo of space every day. |
| password-generator | A program that acts as a basic password generator. |
| README.md | Contents and description of the portfolio project as a whole. |

# Checklist

Things that I am currently working on, sorted with most recent tasks at the top and with completed tasks at the bottom:

### Current

GitHub:
- [ ] Cipher project:
     - [ ] Start folder and readme for ciphers
     - [ ] Create reverse cipher
     - [ ] Create caesar cipher

Books:
- [ ] Beyond the Basic Stuff with Python by Al Sweigart
- [ ] Cracking Codes with Python by Al Sweigart

Software:
- [ ] Learning basics of Doom Emacs

Portfolio Website:
- [ ] Personal Website: building a [personal website](https://sites.google.com/view/alexandercbeck/home) for future employers to learn more about me

### Completed

- [x] Creating solution to staffing problem for the coding-problems folder
- [X] Programming Languages, Part B: class on functional programming in a dynamic language, specifically Racket
- [X] portfolio/password-generator:
     - [X] rpg-v3.rkt: creating version of password generator written in Racket
     - [X] README: updating information about versions and how they are different
     - [X] rpg-v4.js: create version of password generator written in JavaScript
